README.md, before:

# ZMatrix

This project originally forked from: http://zmatrix.sourceforge.net/

# Description
ZMatrix is desktop enhancement program. It attempts to reproduce the streaming characters shown in the film **The Matrix** on your computer desktop. Besides attempting to reproduce this look, the program also allows you to choose your own color, font, and background blending methods to suit your taste. As is implied by the mentioning of **background blending methods**, the program will not necessarily hide your current background image, rather, it can be told to blend with it in a few different ways (see the Configuration Dialog). Furthermore, ZMatrix can also function as a screensaver... [Read Full Original Author's README](ORIGINALREADME.md)

# Credits
Original Author: [Z. Shaker](http://zmatrix.sourceforge.net/help/frames_index.html)

### Special Thanks for the help/articles to:

* [Kristjan Skutta](https://github.com/Biohazard90)
* [Gerald Degeneve](https://github.com/gdegeneve)

# License
[GPL version 2](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Link to github pages for installer

README.md, after:

# ZMatrix

This project originally forked from: http://zmatrix.sourceforge.net/

# Download
To download the program installer, please check: https://payalord.github.io/ZMatrix/

# Description
ZMatrix is desktop enhancement program. It attempts to reproduce the streaming characters shown in the film **The Matrix** on your computer desktop. Besides attempting to reproduce this look, the program also allows you to choose your own color, font, and background blending methods to suit your taste. As is implied by the mentioning of **background blending methods**, the program will not necessarily hide your current background image, rather, it can be told to blend with it in a few different ways (see the Configuration Dialog). Furthermore, ZMatrix can also function as a screensaver... [Read Full Original Author's README](ORIGINALREADME.md)

# Credits
Original Author: [Z. Shaker](http://zmatrix.sourceforge.net/help/frames_index.html)

### Special Thanks for the help/articles to:

* [Kristjan Skutta](https://github.com/Biohazard90)
* [Gerald Degeneve](https://github.com/gdegeneve)

# License
[GPL version 2](LICENSE.txt)
